helm/README.md, before:

# eidas-node

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.5.0-wildfly-25.0.0.Final](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.5.0--wildfly--25.0.0.Final-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity-Configuration for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | Pull Policy of the eIDAS-Node Image |
| image.repository | string | `"public.docker.ecsec.de/ecsec/eidas/eidas-node"` | Repository from where the eIDAS-Node Image will be downloaded |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional Ingress annotations. |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Indicates whether ingress is enabled or not. |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"eidas-node.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | TLS-Specific Configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node-Selector Specific Configuration. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Additional Pod Annotations for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Pod Security Context for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| probes | object | `{}` | Defining liveness/readiness probes for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` | Defining resource limits for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | Security Context for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| service.port | int | `80` | Service Port. |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Service Type that will be used. |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)

Commit message:

Make configs/keystores mountable or configurable via download

helm/README.md, after:

# eidas-node

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 2.5.0-wildfly-25.0.0.Final](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-2.5.0--wildfly--25.0.0.Final-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity-Configuration for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| configurationViaDownload | object | `{"downloadUrl":"https://mvn.ecsec.de/repository/openecard-public/de/ecsec/eidas/eidas-node-config/1.0.0/eidas-node-config-1.0.0-bundle.zip","enabled":false}` | eIDAS-Node Configuration (You can provide your config files and keystores also via volumes, see below). |
| configurationViaDownload.downloadUrl | string | `"https://mvn.ecsec.de/repository/openecard-public/de/ecsec/eidas/eidas-node-config/1.0.0/eidas-node-config-1.0.0-bundle.zip"` | Here you can provide a download URL for you eIDAS-Node Configuration (must be a ZIP-File). -- The ZIP-Files must contain a directory 'keystore' and 'config'. -- A default config can be retrieved from the following URL. |
| configurationViaDownload.enabled | bool | `false` | Indicates if a custom eIDAS-Node Configuration will be provided via download (see config parameters below). -- Use this option only if you're not mounting your config files and keystores via volumes! |
| envs | string | `nil` | Here you can overwrite env variables in the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | Pull Policy of the eIDAS-Node Image |
| image.repository | string | `"public.docker.ecsec.de/ecsec/eidas/eidas-node"` | Repository from where the eIDAS-Node Image will be downloaded |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional Ingress annotations. |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Indicates whether ingress is enabled or not. |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"eidas-node.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | TLS-Specific Configuration. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node-Selector Specific Configuration. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Additional Pod Annotations for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Pod Security Context for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| probes | object | `{}` | Defining liveness/readiness probes for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` | Defining resource limits for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | Security Context for the eIDAS-Node Deployment. |
| service.port | int | `80` | Service Port. |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Service Type that will be used. |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Here you can define where the volumes above will be mounted to. -- Config Files of the eIDAS-Node should be mounted to "/config/eidas" and keystores should be mounted  -- to "/config/keystore" (default). You can overwrite this default behavior by using the env variables mentioned below. -- If you do want to specify volumeMounts, uncomment the following -- lines, adjust them as necessary, and remove the brackets after 'volumeMounts:'. |
| volumes | list | `[]` | You can provide custom volumes (like for config files, keystores, ...). -- If you do want to specify volumes, uncomment the following -- lines, adjust them as necessary, and remove the brackets after 'volumes:'. |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.5.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.5.0)
